# Exercise 3
## Creating small tools


1) Read [the man page for the UNIX command tee](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/tee.1.html).  
And [the Wikipedia page about it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tee_(command)).

2) Write an implementation of `tee` that takes the same command-line
arguments (short form only, or for optional extra fun, both long and
short form).  Implementing the `-i` option is optional.

This is meant as an exercise in efficient C development, which includes:

a) Problem decomposition: what pieces do I need?

I need two pieces, a way to write to a file, and a way to print what im writing to stdout.

b) Solution location: mostly Google->stackoverflow.

c) Assimilation: bringing in the pieces and testing them.

d) Integration: putting the pieces together. 

For this particular problem, we could skip (a) and just find a
solution.  But let's take this as an opportunity to practice.

3) Reflect: what worked, what slowed you down?  What would you do
differently next time?

The part that slowed me down the most was parsing the stdin. I had to figure out how to read it, I decided to read it line by line, but in the future maybe I would read it word by word so that the program could do work without having to wait for a line separator.

4) Compare your solution to the real thing.  What do you see in
professional code that is not in your solution?

Professional code is much cleaner and also has multithreading to make the program more performant.

5) Write comments in the code to answer the last two questions, then
check it in to the repo.
